#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
databases==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   py-eureka-client
    #   pymongo
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
fastapi==0.112.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sse-starlette
fastmcp==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   py-eureka-client
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
langchain-community==0.3.17
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-mongodb==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-mongodb
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
mcp==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   mcp-server-calculator
mcp-server-calculator==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
motor==3.5.3
    # via langchain-mongodb
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   transformers
openai==1.78.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
py-eureka-client==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pymongo==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   motor
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   typer
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databases
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
starlette==0.38.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
